Hello, Otohito.
Congratulations!
Otohito is so happy.
He's so beautiful.
He's a god.
Congratulations!
Where did you get the money?
I got it from Nishin.
I'll give you a hundred of them.
Here you are.
Congratulations!
You're so lucky.
You're so old.
And here you are.
Congratulations!
Thank you.
I got the money from Nishin.
I'm so happy.
What's wrong?
Why did you say that?
I'm so happy.
I got the money from Nishin.
If you forget, you'll get the money from Nishin.
What about the money from Nishin?
What are you talking about?
There's no money.
Go away.
You idiot.
You're so stupid.
What are you doing?
You idiot.
You don't understand the deal.
You have a lot of money.
Why are you saying this?
You're useless.
I'll talk to everyone.
You're so greedy.
We have to forgive you.
Don't put your name on the front.
Thank you very much.
I like this one too.
I'll put it on.
This one, too.
This one only.
I have to read it quickly.
I can put it on the front.
It's beautiful.
What?
Mr. Kitsugei of Iseya.
Mr. Iseya of the Iseya.
Yes.
I can't say that.
Ise-san.
I can say that.
Mr. Kitsugei of Iseya.
I'm the only one.
Mom, what's next?
What's next?
Yes.
What?
Why?
Shibuto.
Why Shibuto?
Don't say anything strange.
Mr. Tobi of Iseya of Iseya.
Shibuto.
I can't say that.
I'm the one who changed.
Yes.
You do it.
Shibuto, you're making fun of me.
You're making fun of me.
Yes.
I'm the one who changed.
What's your name?
I'm Toku.
Toku. What?
Toku from Tokujiro.
I don't know that.
Tokujiro from Tokujiro.
Thank you.
Toku, stop talking.
Please tell him to come to the inn.
Tokujiro from Tokujiro.
Treasure, treasure, treasure.
Thank you.
Buy a fish boat.
I'll come to the inn as soon as possible.
I have to buy a fast boat.
Hey, hey, hey.
Fish boat.
Hey, hey.
I've already sold the fish boat.
I can't get on the boat.
How much is the fish boat?
Fish boat?
I don't like the fish boat.
I just want to be with you.